Blog 3 
    Sneakerculture
    Michael Jordan and Nike were the founding stone of the Sneaker Culture in the world. Back then in 1984, Nike signed a $500,000 contract with none other than Michael Jordan. At that time, Nike wasn’t a leader like it is today. Most of them preferred Adidas including MJ. NIKE so desperately wanted to make it to the headline with launching their first ever collaboration with Michael Jordan. Yes those were the Air Jordans. The first Air Jordan was produced for Michael Jordan during his time with the Chicago Bulls in 1984 and designed by Peter b. Moore.
    The brand Nike’s Air Jordan 1 shoes were divided into 3 main variants - The Mids, The Lows and The Highs. All of these variants vary by the ankle length. From 1984 till date Air Jordans have come with a ton of shoes. The limited supply of these kicks are the reason there is a whole resale market for that. The Resale Market which makes me the sneaker culture an interesting place. The quantity of hyped sneakers launched by any  company are so less that a $150 shoes can be sold for more than $2000. 
    The Brands which lie side by side the Air Jordans are Yeezys. Yeezys developed by Kanye West in collaboration with Adidas have also a significant market share in the Sneaker world. With collaborations with certain Personalities, There are collaborations with Brands the most likely Example of it is Off-White x Air Jordan. The collaborations shoes have a very limited quantity and cause a fortune in the resale market. 
    There’s a hype market living aside the Sneaker Culture its the market of hype clothing. Artists like Travis Scott have launched their own merchandise which is quite impossible to get at launch. These companies often launch their products once every quarter with limited supplies. Companies like Fear of God, Anti Social Social Club etc come with drops 4-5 times a year which make them super difficult to cop. 
    Yes I’m totally motivated to see what the next decade will look like for the sneaker culture. The Sneaker Culture and the Hyped Wear culture is here to stay for long. We can expect limited edition drop from daily wear companies like Calvin Klein, Lacoste etc. Indians have gotten well with the burst of Sneakers. Major Influencers and Celebs have forgotten luxury and have gone all in on Hype. 

Blog 2 
    Who Controls the stock Market?
    During the working hours of the Stock Market that's from 9 to 3:30. There are basically two groups of people during this time. One are the Bulls, Other are the bears. Bulls are that group of people that actually want the Stocks to advance, And Bears that group of people who bet on the fall of the Stocks. During the working hours of the Stock Market the bulls and bears fight continuously. And By the end of the day there will be either of these 2 results. When Bulls win, The market gains momentum and is rising. When Bears Win, The markets slides and it produces losses to stocks in terms of Market Cap. And when there's a tie like there are no winners then the market flat. 
    So Lets see how does movement of prices happen - Imagine a Stock of INR 100 and you have a news that this company is going to sign a deal with a foreign company. And according to you, the predicted target for your trade is INR 40. Which means that you will have a profit of INR 40 per share. So you might be ready to even give INR 105 for that share and the seller will sell his stock at INR 105. So that's what becomes the market price and that's how the prices of Stocks fall or rise

Blog 1 
    Corrections 
    /kəˈrɛkʃ(ə)n/
    noun
    1. the action or process of correcting something. 
    2. Used to introduce an amended version of something one has just said.     
    Here I’m referring to a stock market correction. After the enormous rally in almost all months of 2021. The party came to an end by a sudden fall in the markets. The born of a new variant in South Africa shocked the world and rattled the financial word with uncertainty and pessimism. United States inflation at a 39-year high. Major news which might led to uncertainty fled through news which created havoc among traders and investors. 
    The broader market index for India Nifty50 rallied from 15,000 to 18,600 with certain small pull backs. While it is always said that corrections are always steeper on graph and sudden in time. Everyone knew that a correction was inevitable, It was going to come and create panic but a very few were able to time the correction. Here’s a research by Goldman Sachs which show the corrections and month it took to recover.
    (Image)
    Foreign Institutional Investors (FII) were on a continuous selling spree. Domestic Institutional Investors were on a buying spree. There was one more set of participants in the market - The new lads (Retail Investors). For the FII’s and DII’s correction was a discount at the mall while the new age investors who had never seen such a steep correction were really stunned by the fall because of tender their experience was.
    Corrections have a nature of creating panic which makes it looks like this is the end of the world but the steeper the corrections faster will be the bounce back. Staying Invested is an art.  Seeing such wild swings in the world of Finance and staying calm needs a nerve of steel. Great Wealth can be compounded by doing nothing. Stock Market is 10% Buying, 10% Selling and 80% doing nothing. 
    The whole point of publishing this article is to educate everyone that temporary pull backs and corrections are common in the Stock Market. Corrections and Consolidations are good from the long term perspective of the market. The bulls will come back and take charge but you (Yes you impatient) gotta keep your calm
    Compounding Wealth is important then earning wealth. All pessimism is permanent. Stay Invested.  

    Blog 4

    How Does the Internet Work?


                        https://www.hp.com/us-en/shop/tech-takes/how-does-the-internet-work


                        There are two main concepts that are fundamental to the way the Internet functions: packets and protocols.

                        The internet is a world wide computer network that transmits variety of data and media across all connected devices. It works by using a packet routing network that follows Internet Protocol(IP) and Transport Control Protocol (TCP).

                        All data sent over the internet is called a message. Once the trigger to send a message is triggered, Messages are broken into tiny bits called packets. 

                        What is a Packet? 

                        In networking, a packet is a small segment of a larger message. Each packet contains both data and information about that data. The information about the packet's contents is known as the "header," and it goes at the front of the packet so that the receiving machine knows what to do with the packet.

                        What is a Protocol?

                        Connecting two computers, both of which may use different hardware and run different software, is one of the main challenges that the creators of the Internet had to solve. This problem is solved with standardize protocols. In networking, a protocol is a standardize way of doing certain actions and formatting data so that two or more devices are able to communicate with and understand each other.


                        There are protocols for sending packets between devices on the same network (Ethernet), for sending packets from network to network (IP), for ensuring those packets successfully arrive in order (TCP), and for formatting data for websites and applications (HTTP).


                        What is Internet Protocol?

                        Rules that Govern how information is sent from one computer to another computer over an internet connection. 

                        The mapping of sharing information from one computer to another is done via a numeric code known as the IP address

                        Types of IP Address 
                        * Public IP address - Accessible to everyone over the net 
                        * Private IP address - Assigned to devices over a private/closed network like a home or office. This is not accessible over the web. 

                        What is Transport Control Protocol?

                        Transport Control Protocol works with IP to ensure transfer of data is dependable, reliable and lossless. 

                        Main Use of Transport Control Protocol :-
                        * No Packets loss
                        * No delay affecting data quality 
                        * Packet organised in proper sequence 


                        What physical infrastructure makes the Internet work?

                        * Routers forward packets to different computer networks based on their destination.
                        * Switches connect devices that share a single network. They use packet switching to forward packets to the correct devices.
                        * Web servers are specialised high-powered computers that store and serve content (webpages, images, videos) to users, in addition to hosting applications and databases.


                        ￼
                        